hi i'm jim from zoar outdoor on behalf
of expertvillage.com in this segment
we're going to be talking about fishing
gear and especially fly fishing it is
important to protect your rods after all
they're a valuable investment in
something that you can be able to use
for most of your life I've had this
particular rod for example for 20 years
so some fly rod manufacturers will
provide a case with the rod just as you
can see here but if you have an
entry-level rod that for example an
inexpensive fiberglass rod that didn't
come with its own protective case just
go on down to your hardware store and
get a cap and some PVC tubing and you
can set up your own protective case and
believe me these are great you can drive
a truck over these babies and it will
protect your rod other options and by
the way you can get them in different
lengths of course depending on the
length of your fly rod so this is a nice
2-piece set up where this is for a four
or a five piece set up other options
such as made by Orbis it's it's a
delightful little rig probably no longer
made but allow you to put in a couple of
different fly rods and equipment and put
your other fishing gear inside here so
that you have a convenient carry system
for your gear if you're going out in a
boat or if you want something that you
can use in a big hurry this kind of a
unit which is available from places like
Cabela's or orvis or william joseph or
any number of other manufacturers is a
wonderful thing to have you can have a
strong fly rod all set to fish but it's
protected in a PVC tubing that includes
the fly rod as well if you're going out
in a situation where you might be using
more than one fly rod for example a
floating line and a sink tip line you
can get a side by unit these work really
well to protect its got the PVC on both
sides and it's got the protective
padding for your real I use this all the
time when I'm guiding so we can switch
back and forth between different
techniques such as
shame for rising trout with a dry fly or
for floating through a section where
there aren't rising trout we can use the
sinking line with a streamer or a nymph
or a wet fly so this is really
convenient and it gives you great
protection which is essential for your
great gear